this weekend breasts laying is on the
air Brian Webster along with three-time
NWA tag-team champion knuckles Nelson an
inter-gender tag team match Thalia and
Dylan cage taking on scary and skanky
well I thought it was a mixed tag match
I didn't know that it was in the Kaufman
here agenda look at this living dead
girl taking over right away Webster
inter-gender means there are two genders
part is something else is his sheep she
really is Wow look at that hey she is
not afraid at all oh oh nice sit-out
right there oh no oh no Wow tremendous
move ouch what is all I could say zombie
seems to get off it get off of this and
look at Natalya blind tag right there
maybe it was definitely attack look at
this
Dylan picking his spot here he's way
upstairs why the former to England
heavyweight champion shot to the jaw I
left to write a dosey doe another left
to rights
this guy is all over runs on the lookout
maybe he spoke a little too soon there
indeed both guys out to the floor look
at this now this the living dead girl
Cassandra night she's kicking away at
dylan cage she's definitely trying to
fight him but now hook
you know what I really hate this word I
detest this word but I'm gonna use it to
describe Cassandra Knight she is a swans
and a count of two well Dylan cage is
still one of the greatest wrestlers I
know absolutely we are very very
privileged to have them here as part of
the roster of wrestling Star Wars did
you see that pop right on the mouth I
did Brian kick into the midsection of
cage up he goes oh wow hanging out
nicely God was that a nice walk every
time I see Dylan cage wrestle he does
four or five things I've never seen I've
already seen two Wow
jumping back hook kick yeah very nicely
done and zombie is down and cage perhaps
needing to take a powder but now look at
him he's right back into the into the
mix here upstairs to the second floor
all the way to the penthouse goes Dylan
cage he's perched up there absolutely
Dylan Katia's smack the back of his head
he certainly did I'm surprised there
that that portion of his head is not
left on the canvas
oh this is the first time that some star
was a mixed tag match into gender if you
will well as Andy Kaufman the
inter-gender champion yes he was
interred gender simply means that
there's more than one gender
participating in this tag team thank you
Brian for clearing that up man a bull
weight to the face in the picture his
leg WA the picture does not get any
clearer than that
ladies and gentlemen a nonchalant cover
and you're not going to get a guy like
Dylan cage by covering up like that now
the fans are getting behind villain cage
he's starting to fight back in kind Oh
zombie cutting them off there oh yeah
metal slow you down every time to the
ropes nose cage look at this now look at
this man kicking his man both ladies
seem to be chomping at the bit to get
inside here I'm surprised at Cassandra
night she usually gets a few licks in
and then hightails it back out to the
apron line both made it down and I'm not
so sure Cassandra nights looking to get
in the ring unless somebody's on the
ground in her she's be the only time she
wants to get in there
she's used to being on the ground
looking over this crowd really getting
behind Dylan cage you know whether you
appreciate his tactics whether you don't
appreciate his tactics he certainly does
have a great fan base here at wrestling
star wars oh clothesline there oh god no
Sandra Knight quickly began and Talia
all over Cassandra Knight look out shut
down Oh neckbreaker that is definitely
gonna leave a mark
oh look at the rake in the eyes there
though vicious she is a dirty rotten
rule break baby like a man driving her
face and head right in to the Kenda and
now the men are spilling to the outside
of the van Cassandra they go to the top
rope Brian Colin look at this Cassandra
Knight all the way upstairs
Cassandra perching herself way upstairs
and Dylan caged in in the nick of time
to make the same barely making the save
there this thing has gotten out of hand
look at this
there's that Nick Quaker legdrop
couple men
Cassandra Knight is definitely hurt she
has been knocked from pillar to post
Oh reverse Bulldog there this wraps her
up one two three